Database problem
----------------
We've overlooked something very important and that is:
When you fill in a form we don't save all the info that is filled in. We only save the most important stuff like name, education, address and so
So when for example the pre-candidate form is sent to an institution we can only retrieve certain data from the database
 -> We only save name, address, study
 -> we don't save the prefered countries and motivation and other optional info

To solve this we have 3 scenarios

1) save all the data in the database: meaning each form will have its own table

Pro: 
+ easy to implement
+ easy to retrieve data for a specific form

Con:
- very big database
- a lot of double entries/information
- hard to keep data consistent
!!! database needs to be re-designed !!!

2) Keep a copie of each form as xml/pdf/... and save it on server

Pro:
+ can keep perfect track of previous forms
+ easy to retrieve old forms (archive)
+ easy accessible
+ database can stay the same

Con:
- Need for extra file server
- Database loses his purpose
- a lot of files need to be transfered
- hard to get info from files (for example the countries people want to go need to be used in STATS, how to extract that info???)

3) Combination of both - only important data is saved in database and most important forms are being copied
Pro:
+ database is kept small
+ only small modification is needed to database
+ no/less multiple entries in database
+ file server needs to hold less forms

Con:
- Need to define what is saved in database and what not -> where to draw the line
- still need separated tables for the forms
!!! re-design the database will be more complicated !!!


This are the thoughts we have for now. It's important to have a look at this problem because it's essential for the INFOX,CONFIG,STATS, IN and OUT module
It's also imortant that we don't take too much time to decide which direction we will be taking.

SO if you have any suggestions please respond because we're stuck!